c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\bin\Debug\CommerceBit.exe.config
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\obj\Debug\CommerceBit.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\obj\Debug\CommerceBit.CommerceBitForm.resources
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\obj\Debug\CommerceBit.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\obj\Debug\CommerceBit.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\bin\Debug\CommerceBit.exe.manifest
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\bin\Debug\CommerceBit.application
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\bin\Debug\CommerceBit.exe
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\bin\Debug\CommerceBit.pdb
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\obj\Debug\CommerceBit.exe.manifest
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\obj\Debug\CommerceBit.application
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\obj\Debug\CommerceBit.exe
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\obj\Debug\CommerceBit.pdb
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\bin\Debug\Icons\Connected.ico
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\bin\Debug\Icons\Disconnected.ico
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\obj\Debug\CommerceBit.ProjectResource.resources
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\bin\Debug\Icons\CommerceBit.ico
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\bin\Debug\Icons\ecommerce1.png
c:\users\sajjad.hussain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommerceBit\CommerceBit\obj\Debug\CommerceBit.ConnectedForm.resources
